chore: rename components folders to modules (#88)
moxystudio/next-with-moxy: docusaurus/docs/welcome/conventions.md

    │   │   ├── Home.test.js
    │   │   ├── Home.data.js
    │   │   ├── Home.module.css
    │   │   ├── hero
    │   │   │   ├── index.js
    │   │   │   ├── Hero.js
    │   │   │   ├── Hero.test.js
    │   │   │   └── Hero.module.css
    │   │   └── ...
    │   └── ...
    └── shared
        └── modules
        │   ├── api-sdk
        │   ├── react-button
        │   ├── react-card
        │   ├── react-progress-bar
        │   ├── react-icons
        │   │   ├── svgs
        │   │   └── index.js
        │   └── ...
        └── media
        │   └── favicons

>         │  	└── fonts

Reviewer: Fonts is misplaced here.

    - `pages`: Where you can store the source code of your pages. Every file in `/pages` will import a component from here. We use this method since we only use `/pages` for routing and `www` for code that will be compiled. Usually, a page is a set of sections and each section can be a set of another sections or a set of components. You have enough freedom to create logical groups according to the page composition. However, make sure the file structure chosen inside `www/pages` reflects it and is clear to every other developer.
        - `home`: This an example of a component and the structure you'll find inside. Commonly, you'll find the following files here:
            - `index.js`: This file will simply export your component file.
            - `Home.js`: This is your component file.
            - `Home.test.js`: This is the test file corresponding to this component.
            - `Home.data.js`: This is where you'll find data that will be used by this component. You can find a more in depth explanation of this file convention further below.
            - `Home.module.css`: This is where you'll have styles that are only used in this component.

>             - `hero`: This is an example of a section for the `Home` page. Inside it, you'll have the files you are used to have:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            - `hero`: This is an example of a section for the `Home` page. The folder should follow the same common structure:
```
